Add deprecation notice for bundled tools (#2292)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/deprecations/index.md

### Azure Resource Manager Powershell Module
The AzureRM Powershell modules were Microsoft's way of integrating Powershell with Azure resources. Microsoft has deprecated AzureRM in favor of the Azure CLI or the Az Powershell modules.

AzureRM was [deprecated by Microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/azurerm-retirement-overview) as of February 29, 2024.

AzureRm will remain available until July 2024 (with an in-app warning). After this, you'll need to move to either `az cli` or the `az module for powershell` 
for Azure authentication.

## Deprecations for 2024.2

### Bundled Tools
For some time, command line tools for AWS, Azure, and Terraform have been included with Octopus Deploy as a convenience mechanism. The provided versions of these tools are out of date and won't be updated.

> As of `2024.2`, you won't be able to configure deployment steps to use the bundled tools but existing steps will continue to function.. The bundled tools will be removed from Octopus Deploy in `2025.1`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of `2024.2`, you won't be able to configure deployment steps to use the bundled tools, but existing steps will continue to function. The bundled tools will be removed from Octopus Deploy in `2025.1`.

```

AzureRm will remain available until July 2024 (with an in-app warning). After this, you'll need to move to either `az cli` or the `az module for powershell` 
for Azure authentication.

## Deprecations for 2024.2

### Bundled Tools

> Command line tools for AWS, Azure and Terraform have been included with Octopus Deploy as a convenience mechanism for some time. The provided versions of these tools are now out of date and won't be updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For some time, command line tools for AWS, Azure, and Terraform have been included with Octopus Deploy as a convenience mechanism. The provided versions of these tools are out of date and won't be updated.
```

> As of `2024.2`, deployment steps will no longer be able to use the bundled tools and they will be removed entirely in `2025.1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of `2024.2`, deployment steps will no longer be able to use the bundled tools, which will be removed in `2025.1`.
```

Reviewer 3: This phase doesn't seem clear, if it's not removed until 2025.1, what does it mean to say it can't be used in 2024.2?

Reviewer 4: Updated it to explicitly mention that they won't be able to be configured, that makes better sense, yes?
